Start A OSCA Chapter
All open source enthusiasts and advocates excited and passionate about building and growing the spirit of Open source in Africa are welcome to join OSCA. 

To start an OSCA chapter in your community, please read the “About” page carefully to fully understand who and what we are about. 

To become a chapter lead for a new OSCA chapter: 
Check the OSCA community page to confirm there are no other chapters in your area. If there is one, contact the organizer(s) and join in on the fun.
Read up on the OSCA Chapter Lead Code of Conduct.
Select a name for your chapter that follows the OSCA Naming guidelines.
Submit the New Chapter Application Form. Make sure to include city and country for mapping purposes. Applications will be reviewed to ensure it’s a good fit:
Applicant: is over 18 years old; has genuine interest in Open source and a honest reason for starting an OSCA chapter; has a technical background, experience with Open source, some experience with event planning and/or is connected to the local developer community.
Desired chapter location: doesn’t already have an OSCA chapter, and if it does, there is reason enough to start a new chapter.
Once your application is reviewed, we’ll reach out via mail to set up best time to set expectations and answer questions. Note: If the application isn’t a good fit, we’ll inform you via email.
After your application has been approved, the next step is to set up your chapter’s twitter page and alert us, make sure to follow the guidelines laid down here for logo, branding and co.
With your twitter page set up, we’ll add you to our communication channels

Form: 
Full Name:

Are you above 18? (Yes / No) [If you aren’t, we appreciate your consideration but you cannot move ahead with your application}

Email Address:

Phone Number:

Github Username:

Twitter Username(optional):

Occupation:

Location where you intend to open the OSCA chapter : 

What do you intend calling your chapter (e.g OSCA Lagos, OSCA nairobi etc)

Tell us a bit about yourself and technical background ; Languages and technologies proficient In:

Tell us about your experience with Open source development / contribution: 

Tell us a bit about the developer community in your area

Any experience in organizing events and community meetups? (If yes, tell us a bit about it):

Why do you think you'd be a good fit to lead an OSCA chapter in your community:

Reasons and goals for wanting to start a chapter in your community:
What kind of events do you intend running as a chapter?: 

Email address of co-organizer:

Please indicate that you’ve read the community guidelines and agree to adhere to them. See (Link to community guideline page)
I’ve read through the Community Guidelines and agree to adhere to them. 
Thank you for filling out this form. You will hear from us soon. 
